1956::Sadly, very few details are known about Herb Klein's hunting achiecements that led to his winning the first Weatherby Big Game Trophy.  Robert Anderson, who has done extensive research into Herb Klein's hunting career, estimates that Klein had shot approximately seventy-five species when he won the award.  Klein went to East Africa in 1953, and India and Ladakh in 1954. His entries in Rowland Ward, Boone and Crockett, and the pages of his hunts in the Shikar Safari membership journal give some indication of hi hunting career up to the time he won the award.
Dallas, Texas
1957::At the time of the award, Jack O'Connor had collected approximately forty-one species. In Africa, he had hunted kudu, lion, and rhino. In North America, he collected record trophies of grizzly and brown bear, caribou, mouse, elk, deer, and antelope. Jack O' Connor is best known as a sheep hunter. His Species count included all four North American sheep(Rock Mountain bighorn, desert bighorn, Stone, and Dall).
Lewiston, Idaho 
1958::Very little is known about how many species of big game Warren Page had shot by the end of his life. Page had about sixty species at the time he won the Weatherby Big Game Trophy in 1958, including those shot in Africa and India. The 1964 edition of "International Sport" stated Page had shot all but three of the North American big-game species (then considered to be twenty-five). It mentions that on a shikar in India he bagged gaur, water buffalo, tiger, leopard, nilgai, black buck, and several types of deer. This book makes no mention of Page having hunted in Africa, but he wrote articles about his African hunting before 1958. He did not have a Grand Slam when he won the Weatherby Award, but he took a desert sheep in the 1960s, when Mexico's first hunting season after WWII opened.
New Canaan, Connecticut in 1958
1959::Berry Brooks hunted in Mexico, Alaska, British Columbia, Alberta, throughout the United States, Africa, and Southeast Asia. His first hunt to Africa was in 1947, when he began collecting record trophies of rare specimens of game for the Berry B. Brooks African Hall of the Memphis Museum of Natural History. He contributed ninety-eight species and 160 record trophies to the city. His third expedition to Africa in 1962 included an eighteen day camel caravan trek of three hundred miles into the remote stretches of Chad and Central African Republic for rare game. He collected tiger and seladang in South Vietnam in 1961. And estimate of eighty species worldwide at the time of his winnings the Weatherby Award in 1959 is a conservative one. "International Sport" (1964) lists him as having a Grand Slam and "the major North American big game", but the hunts to collect these may have occured after 1959.
Memphis, Tennessee
1960::Elgin Gates had the North American 25, Grand Slam, 196 trphies, and all the Spiral-Horned Nine, starting with a mountain nyala he had shot in 1945 in Ethiopia. He is the first Weatherby Award winner to have taken over one hundred species at the time of receiving the award. A publication called "Sports and Fun" listed Gates as having collected "ninet two species of African game" by 15 December 1960. Based upon this, it is estimated Elgin Gates had taken around 120 species when he won the award. 
Needles, California
1961::In March of 1962, Pete Brown wrote an article for "Sports Afield" about the sixth Weatherby Award winner, stating that Julio Estrada had collected more than "ninety varieties of game animals." He had hunted in Africa, Asia, Alaska, Mexico, Canada, and the Lower Forty-Eight by that time. The same articl also stated Estrada had two sets of Grand Slams. Three years later, "International Sport" stated he had 120 species. 
Cuernavaca, Mexico
1962::Although no Weatherby Award documentation survives, Prince Abdorreza's hunting accomplishments are the best documented of any early winner. He is the second winner to have more than 100 species when receiving the award (a total of 106 species). He was the first winner to have collected species in four geographical areas of the world. In 1962, his Asian-species count already stood at thirty two, which would be adequate for a twenty first century winner.
Tehran, Iran
1963::John Lagarde had a Grand Slam, seventy two species of African animals, two Asian Animals and seventeen North American species. A figure of ninety one species is the estimate for his total collection by 1963. By the end of his life, Lagarde had gone on a total of thirty eight big game hungts, of which fifteen were to Africa and four to Asia. Special mention was made at the Weatherby ceremony of his outstanding achievement in collecting all four species of oryx, all four species of North American sheep, the African bongo, the mountain ibex, and marhor. Further, it was noted he had collected practically all major game animals throughout the world.
Piedmont, Alabama
1964::DR. Frank Hibben had a Grand Slam of sheep, all North American game animals, as well as extensive hunting in Africa, Asia, and Europe. He'd taken about one hundred species by the time he received the Weatherby Award. Dr Hibben made a total of twenty six safaris to Africa during his lifetime: Kenya, Tanganyika, Uganda, Sudan, French Equartorial Africa, Belgian, Congo Mozambique, and Somalia. His fringe eared oryx and his white oryx were world records; he also collected leopard, addax, Cap eland, gian eland, kob, forest rhino, white eared kob, swamp and forest stiatunga, Nile lechwe, bongo, giant forest hog, nyala, dibatag, Soemmerring and Speke gazelles, and members of the Big Five.
Albuquerque, New Mexico
1965::Edmond-Blanc shot a total of elecen species in the Americas, seventy two in Africa, nine in Europe, and twenty in Asia at the time of the award. No mention is made in the literature of a Grand Slame, so it's likely he did not have one, but indications are that he ahd seven of the Spiral-Horned Nine. During his lifetime, he made over fifty safaris and shikars: more than thirty to Africa, twelve to South America, five to Asia, and three to North America. When he won the Weatherby Big Game Trophy in 1965, Francois Edmond-Blanc had already had thirty years' experience as a big-game hunter. His hunting career, famous the world over, was interrupted only once when he was a prinsoner of war for four years.
Paris, France
1966::Serveral newspaper articles and the Weatherby program provided information on Brandon Macomber. Although these were short on details, they did reveal Macomber completed a Grand Slam a few days before receiving the award, and that he had collected forty five species of African game. In addition, Macomber had about twenty North American and seventenn Asian species, making for a grand total of eighty two.
Albany, new York
1967::All information on Dan Maddox's hunting career came from the Weatherby dinner program. By the time of the award, Maddox had a Grand Slam of Sheep, had taken twelve African trips, and had hunted in India, Pakistan, and extensively in North America. His African species count was about forty-five; he had about twenty varieties of North American game animals, and he had fifteen species from Asia. He probably had six of the Spiral-Horned Nine, including a mountain nyala. He had an estimated eighty species at the time of his award.
Nashville, Tennessee
1968::Almost nothing survies about Weir McDonald's trophy hunting achievements, including the 1968 Weatherby Award dinner porgram. Judging by photos in the Weatherby guide and of his trophy room, he had Grand Slam of Sheep, at least siz of the Spiral Horned Nine, a Marco Polo sheep, and multiple hunts to Africa and North America. It is only an estimate, but he should have collected at least eighty species by the time he won the award.
Tucson, Arizona
1969::Again, not even the Weatherby Award dinner program survives from 1969. However, McElroy's hunts are quite well-documented, for he was the founder of the SCI record book and entered his animals meticulously. A printout of his entries in the tenth edition of the SCI record book (source:SCI's Tucson office) shows McElroy had entries in 109 categories dated 1969 or before. Keep in mind not all his animals would have qualified for entru in the SCI record book (although its early minimums were rather low). Considering the fact that SCI has raised minimums since its first book in 1978, McElroy probably had more species than 109 when he won the Weatherby Award, but these are the only ones documented. When he won his award, he had a Grand Slam, the Big Five, and eight of the Spiral-Horned Nine. The only spiral horn missing was a common eland, which he probably took, but again there is no documentation. He had eight sheep toward a Super Slam.
Tucson, Arizona
1970::Landreth's Weatherby Gala dinner program lists him as having collected all twenty-five North American big-game species, plus all of the game animals of Africa and Asia. Even considering that there was muh less to hunt at that time, Landreth still would have collected at least one hundred species by the time of his award.
Midland, Texas
1971::The Weatherby Gala dinner program stated that Juan Naude had hunted in Africa, Europe, Asia, and North America. He had seventeen Asian species, seventeen North American varieties, the Big Five, and Grand Slam. His African species count was about sixty. This makes his species count at the time of the award around ninety-four, but it may have been higher.
Mexico City, Mexico
1972::By 1972, the Weatherby dinner program was quite detailed about the species count of the winner. At the time of his award, Mellon had collected a Grand Slam and fifteen species of sheep worldwide, the Big five, and is thought to be the first ever winner to have collected all the Spiral-Horned Nine from Africa. By 1972, Mellon had the following numbers of species: Africa 135; Asia 41; Europe 10; North America 22. He is the first Weatherby Award winner to pass the two hundred mark. This total of 208 species stood for twenty years until 1992, when Hubert Thummler won the award with 227 species. Mellon's total of 135 African species stood until 1998, when Dan Duncan won adter collecting 147 African species. Mellon's 135 still ranks second for the number of African species collected at the time of the award.
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania
1973::Basil Bradbury's Weatherby Gala dinner program survives, and Debra Bradbury supplemented the information found there. Basil Bradbury had taken 124 species at the time of his award, including twenty six North America, fifty three from Africa, and thirty five from Asia. Since this totals 114, it is assumed he shot some animals in Europe and possibly some in South America or the South Pacific.
Glen Rock, Wyoming
1974::The Weatherby Gala dinner program and Dr. Kenneth Vaughn's recap sheet supplied information on his hunting accomplishments. (Recap sheets were made up by Weatherby in South Gate and passed around to the judges to determine the winner. The Sheets list the total number of species collected per continent.) The recap sheet stated Vaughn had a total of 101 species- twenty six from North America, two from South America, forty one from Africa, nine from Europe, twenty one from Asia, and two from the South Pacific. Because of the existing records, Dr. Vaughn is the first Weatherby winner documented to have collected animals in all these regions of the world.
Albany, Oregon
1975::N/A
N/A
1976::RudolfSand's collection is very well documented through the generous help of his son Richard (a very active hunter himself) and the Weatherby Award program. At the time of the award, Sand had collected 179 species according to the program, but 177 according to the recap sheet. This was the second highest species count recorded up until 1976. Sand was the first documented winner to have collected all species needed for a Grand Slam, Super Slam, Big Five, North American 26, and Spiral-Horned Nine. RudolfSand's accomplishments raised the bar for future Weatherby Big Game Trophy contenders.
Copenhagen, Denmark
1977::de Madariaga had 196 different species, including a Grand Slam and the North American 26 at the time of his award. He had listed eight species of sheep and may have had more toward his Super Slam. de Madariaga kept hunting at a ferocious pace after winning the award, and in a letter in mid-2002, he explained he had made a personal list of 367 species he wanted to hunt and collect in his lifetime.
Sevilla, Spain
1978::Although both the Weatherby Award program and Carlsberg's recap sheet were available at the time of the 1978 Weatherby Award Gala, they did not specify whether Carlsberg had collected twelve species of sheep for a Super Slam or if he had the Big Five, although it seems likely he had both. The award was presented postumously to his widow, Judy, at the Gala. His lifetime species count at the time of the Weatherby Award was 198.
Los Angeles, California
1979::Dr.Speegle is the first documented winner to have collected the North American 27, and the second to reach the two hundred-species mark (after Mellon). The recap sheet stated he had fifteen species of sheep. Currently, Speegle is well on his way to becoming the first person ever to take all the North American species with a bow and a rifle. Long ago, he collected all North American species with a rifle; he has collected twenty-seven of the twenty-nine species of North American game with a bow.
Garland, Texas
1980::Yoshimoto had collected no less than 182 species at the time of his award. He was the first hunter to take all North American 27 species; he also had a Grand Slam, a Super Slam, the Spiral-Horned Nine of Africa, and the Big Five.
Honolulu, Hawaii
1981::The Caldesi collection of big-game animals was well documented:recap sheets, Weatherby Award program, and correspondence from his son Lodovico. Caldesi's species count at the time of his award was 187. It is unclear whether he had every spiral-horned antelope in Africa, but it would appear he did. He had a Grand Slam, Super Slam, and the Big Five.
Biella, Italy
1982::N/A
Houston, Texas
1983::White's total species stood at 140 when he won the award. They included a Grand Slam, Super Slam, Big-Five, Spiral-Horned Nine, and twenty-two North American species. It is obvious he skipped on the white and black springbok, but not on the animals that count!
Pueblo, Colorado
1984::Henrijean's collection is noteworthy in that he was the first winner with all four varieties of Spanish ibex. At award time, he had collected 142 species, including a Grand Slam, Super Slam, the Big Five, and the Spiral-Horned Nine. He is the only Belgian hunter to have won the award.
Rhode Sain Genese, Belgium
1985::Snider had a total of 145 species at award time, including the Big Five, a Super Slam, a Grand Slam, and the Spiral-Horned Nine. Special mention was made of his 106-pound elephant tusks and by the time of his passings he held world records on all seven continents.
Turlock, California
1986::Cuellar was only the third Weatherby winner with a species count of over two hundred. His collection included 217 species at award time, including a Grand Slam, Big Five, Super Slam, and Spiral-Horned Nine. special mention was made of his thirty-three species from Asia and two Grand Slams, as well as his Marco Polo sheep, western bongo, and mountain nyala.
Mexico City, Mexico
1987::By the late 1980s, it was becoming clear that collecting around two hundred species was pretty much a requirement to win the Weatherby Big Game Trophy. Conklin, no exception, won with no less than 204. He was an ardent sheep hunter, and had a triple Super Slam, a Grand Slam, and the Big Five when he was honored. Records do not list if Conklin had the Spiral-Horned Nine from Africa at the time of his award.
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania
1988::N/A
N/A
1989::Cox had 208 species when he won his Weatherby Award, which included a Grand Slam, North American 27, Super Slam, Big Five, and the Spiral-Horned Nine. His noteworthy achievements were very likely the reason Cox took the award after having been a nominee for only one year.
Fraser, Michigan
1990::Chisholm had 206 species when he won the Weatherby Award. He was the first winner with more than thirty North American species and the first documented winner with seventeen wild sheep species. He had a Grand Slam, North American 27, Super Slam, Big five, and the Spiral-Horned Nine.
Wichita, Kansas
1991::Gary Ingersoll's recap sheet states he received the Weatherby Award with 174 species, inclduing all the slams. This includes a Grand Slam, North American 27, Super Slame, Big Five, and the Spiral-Horned Nine.
Houston, Texas
1992::Hubert Thummler's recap sheet states he won the Weatherby Award with 227 species, including every slam (Grand slam, Super Slam, North American 27, Big Five, and the Spiral-Horned Nine). He had no less than twenty species of sheep in his Super Slam, and is the first winner to have more than 225 species.
Mexico City, Mexico
1993::Irvin Barnhart won the Weatherby with 195 species, including a Grand Slam, North American 27, Super Slam, Big Five, Spiral-Horned Nine, and more. Of special note was his very large collection of smaller animals (thirty-three), did not count toward his species total for the award. Barnhart also had no less than 127 African species at the time of his award, which was the fifthhighest total ever recorded.
Houston, Texas
1994::By the mid-1990s, the qualifications for the Weatherby Big Game Trophy had become such that it was almost easy to forget how much hunting one had to do to win this award. Gerald Warnock had a Grand Slam, North American 27, Super Slam, Big Five, and the Spiral-Horned Nine - an impressive 219 species - when he won his award. Special mention was made of his collecting all the Spanish ibex and being one sheep short of two Super Slams.
Portland, Oregon
1995::At the time of the 1995 Weatherby Award, Yuren was the first winner to top the 240-species mark, having garnered 244 species. Special mention was made of his efforts to help reestablish th desert bighorn sheep in Sonora. when he won the award, he had a Grand Slam, North American 27, Super Slam with nineteen sheep, and a Big Five.
Mexico City, Mexico
1996::Mr. Alward had collected 249 species by the time he won the Weatherby Award. He had a Grand Slam, a Super Slam, the Big Five, and the Spiral-Horned Nine. His conservation efforts included habitat conservation in Canada and the funding of a Punjab urial study in Parkistan.
Havelock, New Brunswick, Canada
1997::Ricardo Medem had a total of 240 species at the time of his award according to the Weatherby Gala dinner program. His impressive accomplishments included no less than thirty-one European species, more than any other documented winner. He had a Grand Slam, Super Slam, the Big Five, and the Spiral-Horned Nine. Medem was the second Spaniard to win the award.
Madrid, Spain
1998::Dan Duncan's total species count of 273 is the second highest ever recorded for a Weatherby Award winner. He was the first to surpass James Mellon's African-species count (135), which had stood since 1971. At the time of the award, Duncan had collected no less than 142 African species, and had the highest recorded North American species count at 47. He had a Grand Slam, North American 27, Super Slam, Big Five, and the Spiral-Horned Nine.
Houston, Texas
1999::Like other modern winners, Pete Papac had a Grand Slame, North American 27, Super Slam, Big Five, and the Spiral-Horned Nine. He had a total species count of 226 - including twenty-nine sheep - when he won his Weatherby award. He has the fifth-highest Asian species count of any winner. The Weatherby Gala program mentions Papac's establishment of a wildlife museum and his help in getting handicapped access to fishing facilities in the state of Washington.
Montesano, Washington
2000::At the time of the 2000 Weatherby award, Enrique Zamacola had collected an impressive 252 species, including the highest Asian species count then recorded:47. He was involved in various noteworthy Spanish and American conservation efforts. He had all the slams, including an impressive twenty-nine species of sheep, trying with Pete Papac for the highest number of sheep varieties.
Madrid, Spain
2001::Adrian Sada's selection as the 2001 Weatherby award winner was noteworthy for several reasons, but perhaps the most interesting was the fact that for most of his life he shot only one specimen of each species. No matter how big or small each animal was, he would not shoot another. He won the Weatherby award with 219 species, inclduing a Grand Slam, Super Slam, Big Five, and the Spiral-Horned Nine. He had an outstanding forty-two North American behalf of the desert sheep on Isla del Carmen were among the highlights of his accomplishments.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon, Mexico
2002::Rex Baker won the 2002 Weatherby with 275 species, including all the slams and forty-eight species of North American game - the most recorded at that time. His slams included a Grand Slam, North American 27, Super Slam, Big Five, and the Spiral-Horned Nine. Baker's conservation accomplishments are as notable as his hunting feats.
Marietta, Georgia
2003::By the time Mike Simpson won his Weatherby award, he had collected an impressive 274 species from forty-two countries. He had a Grand Slam, Super Slam, Big Five, and eight of the Spiral-Horned Nine. He had all the species from the South Pacific except for one. Mention was made fis work in re-establishing desert bighorn sheep and wild turkey populations in texas, and in setting up and promoting youth wildlife programs and scholarships.
Conroe, Texas
2004::David Hanlin hunted on six continents, and collected 286 species from ninety-three countries. He had a Grand Slam, Super Slam, Big Five, and the Spiral-Horned Nine. He initiated and financed the Mexican Jaguar Program, and guided the scientific study in the Calakmul Preserve of Mexico and into Guatemala.
Erie, Pennsylvania
2005::At the time of his Weatherby award, Jimmie C. Rosenbruch had collected an impressive 251 species from fifty-six countries and six continents. His conservation efforts included establishing the Rosenbruch World Wildlife Museum in St. George, Utah, and protecting the world's last tempeate rain forest in southeastern Alaska, an area where he has been a guide an outfitter for over forty years.
St. George, Utah
2006::In the last forty years, Federico Sada has hunted on six continents and has taken more than 122 hunting trips. He has collected 212 species from thirty-two countries. He has a Grand Slam, Super Slam, Big Five, and the Spiral-Horned Nine. In addition, he has twenty-four varieties of wild goat. On the conservation front, he has been active in his native Mexico for many years. He was president on the board of Chipinque Park, he has conducted projects including improving wetlands habitation, and he has conducted programs for the benefit of two desert sheep subspecies. He was awarded the "Recognition for Environmental Merit" by the government of the state of Sonora, Mexico, in 1999.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon, Mexico
2007::N/A
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvannia
2008::Alan began hunting at age 10 on a farm in upstate New York. He has spent the last 60 years harvesting over 300 species and has hunted in over 40 countries worldwide. Some of his accomplishments are World Hunting Award, Crowning Achievement Award, Pinnacle of Achievement Award, Golden Malek Award, and the Weatherby Award in 2008. Alan is currently a member of FNAWA, ISHA, OVIS/Grand SLam, NRA, Safari Club International Four Comers Chapter, SCI-PAC, Safari Club International, Shikar-Safari Club International Foundation and Dallas safari Club. In 2012, Alan was elected President of the Weatherby Foundation International. he continues to hun with his wife Barbara, their children and grandchildren.
New York, New York
2009::N/A
Kerrville, Texas
2010::Tony Gioffre was the recipient of the 2010 Weatherby Award winning with 289 species taken in 38 countries on six continents. Through his many hunts he has collected the Grand Sla, North American 27, Super Slam, Big Five, the Spiral-Horned Nine and various other trophies. He was awarded the World Hunting Award in 2005.
Dublin, Ohio
2011::Edward D. Yates didn't have his first successful big game hunt until he was 46. From that time forward he was busy. Very busy. He has taken 21 different spiraled horned antelopes in Africa, over 30 different wild sheep, over 30 different wild goats, and the North American 29. In addition to the Weatherby, in 2013 he was the inaugural recipient of the Pantheon Award given jointly by Grand Slam Club/OVIS and Safari Club International. Ed has been active in hunter education having taken several young people through the Pennsylvania Hunter and Trapper Education Course that is required before receiving a hunting license. He now gets his greatest satisfaction when he is with his "students" in the field.
Wrightsville, Pennsylvania
2012::Tom won the Weatherby Award in 2012 with more different species than any winner in the 55 year history of the Award. His record of 314 different worldwide species eclipsed the old record of 276. tom accumulated 248 different mountain goats, close to 150 different African species, and 241 duplicate species. At the time of winning the Award, Tom had 38 top ten species and had collected more different species in Europe than any hunter in history. Tom also has been noted conservationist, once putting over 16,000 acres into a conservation easement. And, he still hunts.
Oaklan Township, Michigan
